hello and welcome to my first video
tutorial in this tutorial I'm going to
show you how to make a landscape using
the displace modifier and an additional
secret later well let's get started
first add a plane and scale it up big go
to edit mode and add a bunch of
subdivisions okay now we need to add a
yet to UV unwrap it open an image I'm
going to post it in the description of
the video and yeah UV unwrap it for the
top view and under a project from bounds
and yeah now if you're going to touch
driven mode you can see it's there so
I'm going to now add a material to make
it show up in the render set it to image
at the same image and an image texture
and I'll set the coordinates to UV and
then Sue's UV text now it'll show up in
the render now to add the now that make
landscape we need to have the same
texture click the to to redo or make it
into another one or to unlink them and
make it a separate texture now change it
back to UV & UV text uncheck color and
shut RGB to intensity
this will make it converted to a black
and white image which can be used by the
displacement modifier doesn't show up
here but it works so now go here add a
displace modifier choose this texture
and as you see it's done this way to
this value the strength is way too high
turn that to 0.1 and you might want to
change this
to UV and cheese uuv text next you
should smooth it and add a subsurf
modifier you could also increase the
strength for a little bit and I'm gonna
turn this off so at the screen perhaps
your program captures good quality and
now if well yeah if you were going to
textured you can see that you now have a
landscape based on it so I'll turn these
two off and now I'll render it so you
can see what it looks like there's all
these white spots here that are caused
by the specularity that don't look good
so we need to turn the specularity down
and if we were to be render it again
it's gone because you should get rid of
them because in reality there does not
shine so now I'll show you another cool
feature that you can use to adjust the
height in different areas like what if
you want to have it be extra tall in the
center and shorter around the edges so
I'll show you how to do that first we
need to create a vertex group I'm going
to call it I I need to go to edit mode
select all vertices and click assign now
we go into weight now I'm just I'm gonna
turn these on just so you can see what
it looks like and I'll turn the strength
up so you can see better now if we were
to go into weight paint mode
you would see that everything is red
that means it has a weight of one and we
were to lower the way like to zero you
would see that it doesn't get affected
as much I returned the strength up so we
can see it doesn't get affected yet I
have to select the vertex group to hide
now you can see as I reduce the way yeah
it gets smoother we did get into there
again you go to here wait paint and if
you don't know the vertex spirit made
then it you don't make one but you
should make one just so you can name an
info organization and you can all you
set the weight here that you want it to
be and now if we were to go back out
yeah we were to go back out back into
object mode we return respect on this
real point to turn this back on you can
see that in the distance it's smoother
than it is up here and so yeah that
allows you to do that allows you to
control these so that's vertex groups
and the displacement modifier I'll post
the link to the images in the
description as well as the blend file I
hope you like this tutorial
bye